---

layout: default
year: 2018-06-25
location: saltillo
language: en
category: blog
tags: life work

---

been a while. i didn't have the energy nor the impulse to write anything here. or anything at all for that matter. been some really unproductive days. or weeks. still haven't been paid by my employers and the students basically stopped going to class. perhaps i'm not well suited for the job anymore. certainly i feel i lost the enthusiasm for teaching what i teach. i want to transmit another kind of knowledge, some kind of knowledge i feel can actually make people's lives better. so it goes.

***

i've been delving into an area i had never really explored: interactive fiction. i guess i've become an amateur expert on the topic, if i may say so. not that i've written anything worth it. i started a small story using [squiffy](http://textadventures.co.uk/squiffy). it's about ai and you can find it [here]({{base.url}}/3xT). the source code is on [github](https://github.com/jarxg/3xT) and i published it with a [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) license because that's how i roll.

***

global society is in bad shape right now. people are worried we are in the verge of a major global crisis, and rightfully so. a humanitarian crisis, an economical crisis, a social crisis, you name it. it's happening and a big change is necessary. a new world order is imminent.

***

if something looks grammatically wrong here, and i'm sure something does, it's because i don't really proof-read or spell-check these posts.

***

so it goes.